Documentation changes for 10.16 (#665)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/asset-hierarchy-bundle/viewing-assets.md

5. All the custom properties for this asset will be displayed on the right.

{{< c8y-admon-info>}}
[Import assets](/dtm/asset-hierarchy/#creating-assets-bulk-import), [Add child assets](/dtm/asset-hierarchy/#add-child-assets) buttons are not visible for the last hierarchical level.<br>
If the custom property or asset type associated with the selected asset is modified, you can see a warning icon beside the name of the asset type(See Image below).<br>

> You see a warning message if one or more properties assocaited with the asset is not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You see a warning message if one or more properties associated with the asset are not present.
```

{{< /c8y-admon-info>}}

> ![Asset Type Modification Warning](/images/dtm/assets/asset-type-modification-warning.png)

Reviewer: Remove the screenshot

The delete icon appears on hover of each row under the subassets section.
    {{< /c8y-admon-info>}}

> 2. In the resulting confirmation dialog, click **Confirm** to continue or **Cancel** to cancel the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following dialog box, click **Confirm** to continue.
```
